I said today when I need a pokemon
birdhouse and hopefully it turns out
okay as a Rebecca and I'm really sorry
about that but um
so the birdhouse we have seen is a
premade one because he's a really cheap
to buy and it's fine
it's okay so let's get started we can
first thing we're gonna do is paint this
it's a side project I'm gonna make a
funky water clay here's my clique
pokeball suffer and iyi making if they
talk about it's in
I never actually painted a birdhouse
before that's part of the reason I
wanted to do this I don't know why but I
like the monkey ball it's a bit fluffy
still since it was made of clay not like
a smooth surface city project um if any
of you guys subpoenaed a birdhouse or
are planning to do with your screen this
year please tweet me pics or anything
cuz I like to see you guys name
alright noise in last video just to kind
of say it again I am making videos every
Monday and Thursday now so I will see
you guys on Thursday bye oh yeah oh yeah
it's like little vines on there if I
make it look cool I think it might just
made it look messy and a mistake took
you down dog I like